typo/clarity fixes (#469)
Roblox/creator-docs: content/en-us/tutorials/fundamentals/coding-5/loops-and-arrays.md

   ```lua
   local pathArray = {

>       workspace.Part1,
>       workspace.Part2,
>       workspace.Part3,
>    }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   	workspace.Part1,
   	workspace.Part2,
   	workspace.Part3,
   }
```

   ```lua
   local VANISH_RATE = 1.5

>    local pathArray = {
>       workspace.Part1,
>       workspace.Part2,
>       workspace.Part3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   local pathArray = {
   	workspace.Part1,
   	workspace.Part2,
   	workspace.Part3
```

   }
   ```

   <Alert severity='info'>

>     Constant Variables are variables that shouldn't be changed by any other code in the script. They're likely to need adjusting and are put at the top of the script in ALL_CAPS to make them easy to spot. Another name for ALL_CAPS is SCREAMING_SNAKE_CASE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **Constants** are variables that shouldn't be changed by any other code in the script. They're likely to need adjusting and are put at the top of the script in `ALL_CAPS` to make them easy to spot.
```

1. After the first loop, add a `Library.task.wait()` to create a short delay before the path reappears.

   ```lua

>    for partIndex = 1, #pathArray  do
>       task.wait(VANISH_RATE)
>       local whichPart = pathArray[partIndex]
>       whichPart.CanCollide = false
>       whichPart.Transparency = 1
>    end

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   for partIndex = 1, #pathArray  do
   	task.wait(VANISH_RATE)
   	local whichPart = pathArray[partIndex]
   	whichPart.CanCollide = false
   	whichPart.Transparency = 1
   end
```

1. At the bottom of the script, create a new while true do loop. Then, **move both** for loops into the while loop.

   ```lua
   while true do
      -- Make a part disappear from the array in order

>       for partIndex = 1, #pathArray  do
>          task.wait(VANISH_RATE)
>          local whichPart = pathArray[partIndex]
>          whichPart.CanCollide = false
>          whichPart.Transparency = 1
>       end
> 
>       -- Wait for a second before making the path reappear
>       task.wait(1)
> 
>       -- Reset the path by making all parts walkable again
>       for partIndex = 1, #pathArray do
>          local whichPart = pathArray[partIndex]
>          whichPart.CanCollide = true
>          whichPart.Transparency = 0
>       end
>    end

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   	for partIndex = 1, #pathArray  do
   		task.wait(VANISH_RATE)
   		local whichPart = pathArray[partIndex]
   		whichPart.CanCollide = false
   		whichPart.Transparency = 1
   	end

   	-- Wait for a second before making the path reappear
   	task.wait(1)

   	-- Reset the path by making all parts walkable again
   	for partIndex = 1, #pathArray do
   		local whichPart = pathArray[partIndex]
   		whichPart.CanCollide = true
   		whichPart.Transparency = 0
   	end
   end
```

A finished version of the project can be downloaded.

   ```lua title="Completed script"
   local VANISH_RATE = 1.0

>    local pathArray = {
>       workspace.Part1,
>       workspace.Part2,
>       workspace.Part3,
>    }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   local pathArray = {
   	workspace.Part1,
   	workspace.Part2,
   	workspace.Part3,
   }
```

>    while true do
>       -- Make a part disappear from the array in order

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   while true do
   	-- Make a part disappear from the array in order
```

>       for partIndex = 1, #pathArray  do
>          task.wait(VANISH_RATE)
>          local whichPart = pathArray[partIndex]
>          whichPart.CanCollide = false
>          whichPart.Transparency = 1
>       end

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   	for partIndex = 1, #pathArray  do
   		task.wait(VANISH_RATE)
   		local whichPart = pathArray[partIndex]
   		whichPart.CanCollide = false
   		whichPart.Transparency = 1
   	end
```

>       -- Wait for a second before making the path reappear
>       task.wait(1.0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   	-- Wait for a second before making the path reappear
   	task.wait(1.0)
```

>       -- Reset the path by making all parts walkable again
>       for partIndex = 1, #pathArray do
>          local whichPart = pathArray[partIndex]
>          whichPart.CanCollide = true
>          whichPart.Transparency = 0
>       end
>    end

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   	-- Reset the path by making all parts walkable again
   	for partIndex = 1, #pathArray do
   		local whichPart = pathArray[partIndex]
   		whichPart.CanCollide = true
   		whichPart.Transparency = 0
   	end
   end
```

3. Use GetChildren() to automatically get an array listing all the objects in the folder.

   ```lua
   local partsFolder = workspace.PartsFolder
   
   -- Gets an array listing the parts in PartsFolder
   local partsArray = partsFolder:GetChildren()
   ```

4. Use `in ipairs(ArrayToUse)` with the for loop to go through partsArray and add particles.

   ```lua title="Completed script"
   -- Gets an array listing the parts in PartsFolder
   local partsArray = partsFolder:GetChildren()
   
   -- Adds particles to every part in the array

>    for index, part in ipairs(partsArray) do
>       local particles = Instance.new("ParticleEmitter")
>       particles.Parent = part
>    end

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   for index, part in ipairs(partsArray) do
   	local particles = Instance.new("ParticleEmitter")
   	particles.Parent = part
   end
```
